Form/0.md, before:

Note=borrowed and adapted from:  <a href="https://www.gepower.com/content/dam/gepower-pw/global/en_US/documents/supplier-document-library/master-services-agreement.pdf">https://www.gepower.com/content/dam/gepower-pw/global/en_US/documents/supplier-document-library/master-services-agreement.pdf</a>

Doc.Ti=Master Services Agreement

Intro.Persons.sec={Intro.Parties.Sec}<br>{Intro.Friends.Sec}

Intro.Friends.Ti=Subsidiaries of {P1.Handle}

Intro.Friends.Define.sec=Each a "{_Company_Affiliate}" and collectively the "{_Company_Affiliates}."

Engage.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Appoint/0.md]

Life.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Life/0.md]

Staff.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Staff/0.md]

Comp.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Comp/0.md]

Conf.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Conf/0.md]

IP.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/IP/0.md]

PersonalData.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/PersonalData/0.md]

TangibleProperty.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/TangibleProperty/0.md]

Test.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Test/0.md]

Warrant.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Warrant/0.md]

Assure.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Assure/0.md]

Relate.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Relate/0.md]

Comply.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Comply/0.md]

Environment.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Environment/0.md]

Conflict.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Conflict/0.md]

Limit.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Limit/0.md]

Release.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Release/0.md]

Dispute.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Dispute/0.md]

Notice.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Notice/0.md]

Misc.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Misc/0.md]

Def.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Def/0.md]

_=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/_/0.md]

=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Xnum/0.md]

Notice.Block=<table><tbody><tr><td>{P1.Notice.Block}</td><td width="100"></td><td>{P2.Notice.Block}</td> </tr></tbody></table>

sec=<ol><li>{Engage.Sec}</li><li>{Life.Sec}</li><li>{Staff.Sec}</li><li>{Comp.Sec}</li><li>{Conf.Sec}</li><li>{IP.Sec}</li><li>{PersonalData.Sec}</li><li>{TangibleProperty.Sec}</li><li>{Test.Sec}</li><li>{Warrant.Sec}</li><li>{Assure.Sec}</li><li>{Relate.Sec}</li><li>{Comply.Sec}</li><li>{Environment.Sec}</li><li>{Conflict.Sec}</li><li>{Limit.Sec}</li><li>{Release.Sec}</li><li>{Notice.Sec}</li><li>{Dispute.Sec}</li><li>{Misc.Sec}</li><li>{Def.Sec}</li></ol>

=[G/Agt-Form-CmA/US/0.md]

Annex.Sec=<hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.A.Doc}</b></center><hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.B.Doc}</b></center>{Attach.B.Doc}<hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.C.Doc}</b></center><hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.D.Doc}</b></center>

Commit message:

Adding Outline; adding structure to sections.

Form/0.md, after:

Note=borrowed and adapted from:  <a href="https://www.gepower.com/content/dam/gepower-pw/global/en_US/documents/supplier-document-library/master-services-agreement.pdf">https://www.gepower.com/content/dam/gepower-pw/global/en_US/documents/supplier-document-library/master-services-agreement.pdf</a>

Doc.Ti=Master Services Agreement

Intro.Persons.sec={Intro.Parties.Sec}<br>{Intro.Friends.Sec}

Intro.Friends.Ti=Subsidiaries of {P1.Handle}

Intro.Friends.Define.sec=Each a "{_Company_Affiliate}" and collectively the "{_Company_Affiliates}."

Appoint.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Appoint/0.md]

Life.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Life/0.md]

Staff.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Staff/0.md]

Comp.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Comp/0.md]

Conf.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Conf/0.md]

IP.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/IP/0.md]

PersonalData.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/PersonalData/0.md]

TangibleProperty.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/TangibleProperty/0.md]

Test.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Test/0.md]

Warrant.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Warrant/0.md]

Assure.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Assure/0.md]

Relate.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Relate/0.md]

Comply.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Comply/0.md]

Environment.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Environment/0.md]

Conflict.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Conflict/0.md]

Limit.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Limit/0.md]

Release.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Release/0.md]

Dispute.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Dispute/0.md]

Notice.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Notice/0.md]

Misc.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Misc/0.md]

Def.=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Def/0.md]

_=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/_/0.md]

=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Sec/Xnum/0.md]

Notice.Block=<table><tbody><tr><td>{P1.Notice.Block}</td><td width="100"></td><td>{P2.Notice.Block}</td> </tr></tbody></table>

=[G/Agt-MasterService-CmA/Outline/0.md]  The form of outline and frame of agreement.

Annex.Sec=<hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.A.Doc}</b></center><hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.B.Doc}</b></center>{Attach.B.Doc}<hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.C.Doc}</b></center><hr><hr><center><b>Exhibit {Exh.D.Doc}</b></center>
